# packages in environment at /Users/wug/miniforge3/envs/scanpy_3_10:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
absl-py                   2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
adjusttext                0.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
aiohttp                   3.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
aiosignal                 1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
alembic                   1.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
anndata                   0.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
annotated-types           0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
annoy                     1.17.3                   pypi_0    pypi
antlr4-python3-runtime    4.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     4.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
appdirs                   1.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
appnope                   0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
arboreto                  0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               23.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
array-api-compat          1.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
arrow                     1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
astropy                   5.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
asttokens                 2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
async-lru                 2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             4.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     23.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
babel                     2.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
backoff                   2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3                   pypi_0    pypi
biopython                 1.83                     pypi_0    pypi
bioservices               1.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
bleach                    6.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
blinker                   1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
bokeh                     3.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
boltons                   24.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
bzip2                     1.0.8                h93a5062_5    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hf0a4a13_0    conda-forge
cattrs                    23.2.3                   pypi_0    pypi
cellphonedb               5.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2024.2.2                 pypi_0    pypi
cffi                      1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
chardet                   5.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        3.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
chex                      0.1.85                   pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
cloudpickle               2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
colorbrewer               0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
colorlog                  6.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
colour                    0.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
comm                      0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
commonmark                0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
contextlib2               21.6.0                   pypi_0    pypi
contourpy                 1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cospar                    0.1.9                    pypi_0    pypi
ctxcore                   0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
cython                    3.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
cytoolz                   0.12.3                   pypi_0    pypi
dask                      2024.4.1                 pypi_0    pypi
dask-expr                 1.0.10                   pypi_0    pypi
databricks-cli            0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
dataclasses-json          0.6.4                    pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
defusedxml                0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
desert                    2022.9.22                pypi_0    pypi
dill                      0.3.8                    pypi_0    pypi
distributed               2024.4.1                 pypi_0    pypi
distro                    1.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
docker                    6.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
docrep                    0.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
easydev                   0.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
et-xmlfile                1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ete3                      3.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
etils                     1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
exceptiongroup            1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
executing                 2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
faiss-cpu                 1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fastcluster               1.2.6                    pypi_0    pypi
fastjsonschema            2.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
fbpca                     1.0                      pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
flask                     2.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
flax                      0.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.49.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fqdn                      1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
frozendict                2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2024.2.0                 pypi_0    pypi
geosketch                 1.2                      pypi_0    pypi
gevent                    24.2.1                   pypi_0    pypi
gitdb                     4.0.11                   pypi_0    pypi
gitpython                 3.1.42                   pypi_0    pypi
greenlet                  3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
grequests                 0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
gseapy                    0.10.4                   pypi_0    pypi
gunicorn                  20.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h5py                      3.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
httpcore                  1.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.26.0                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.23.3                   pypi_0    pypi
hydra-core                1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
hydra-zen                 0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.6                      pypi_0    pypi
igraph                    0.10.8                   pypi_0    pypi
imageio                   2.34.0                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        6.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       6.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
interlap                  0.2.7                    pypi_0    pypi
ipykernel                 6.29.2                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython                   8.21.0                   pypi_0    pypi
ipywidgets                8.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
isoduration               20.11.0                  pypi_0    pypi
itsdangerous              2.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jax                       0.4.24                   pypi_0    pypi
jaxlib                    0.4.24                   pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
json5                     0.9.17                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonpatch                 1.33                     pypi_0    pypi
jsonpointer               2.4                      pypi_0    pypi
jsonrpclib-pelix          0.4.3.2                  pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema                4.21.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1                pypi_0    pypi
jupyter                   1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-client            8.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-console           6.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-core              5.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-events            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-lsp               2.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server            2.12.5                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server-terminals  0.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab                4.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-pygments       0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-server         2.25.3                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-widgets        3.0.10                   pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
ktplotspy                 0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
langchain                 0.1.16                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-community       0.0.34                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-core            0.1.46                   pypi_0    pypi
langchain-openai          0.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
langchain-text-splitters  0.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
langsmith                 0.1.51                   pypi_0    pypi
lazy-loader               0.3                      pypi_0    pypi
leidenalg                 0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.1               h091b4b1_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h53f4e23_5    conda-forge
lightning-utilities       0.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
line-profiler             4.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
llvmlite                  0.42.0                   pypi_0    pypi
locket                    1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
loompy                    3.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
lxml                      5.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
lz4                       4.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
mako                      1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown                  3.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
marshmallow               3.20.2                   pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.7.3                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-venn           0.11.10                  pypi_0    pypi
mistune                   3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mizani                    0.9.3                    pypi_0    pypi
ml-collections            0.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ml-dtypes                 0.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mlflow                    2.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
msgpack                   1.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
mudata                    0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 6.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
multipledispatch          1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multiprocessing-on-dill   3.5.0a4                  pypi_0    pypi
mypy-extensions           1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
natsort                   8.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclient                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nbconvert                 7.16.1                   pypi_0    pypi
nbformat                  5.9.2                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.4                  h463b476_2    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
networkx                  3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook                  7.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook-shim             0.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
numba                     0.59.0                   pypi_0    pypi
numexpr                   2.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.26.4                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy-groupies            0.10.2                   pypi_0    pypi
numpyro                   0.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
oauthlib                  3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
omegaconf                 2.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
openai                    1.23.6                   pypi_0    pypi
openpyxl                  3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.2.1                h0d3ecfb_0    conda-forge
opt-einsum                3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
optax                     0.1.9                    pypi_0    pypi
orbax-checkpoint          0.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
orjson                    3.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
overrides                 7.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 23.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pandocfilters             1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
partd                     1.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
patsy                     0.5.6                    pypi_0    pypi
pexpect                   4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
plotly                    5.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
plotnine                  0.12.4                   pypi_0    pypi
prometheus-client         0.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.43                   pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  4.25.3                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.8                    pypi_0    pypi
ptyprocess                0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pure-eval                 0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
py4cytoscape              1.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow                   11.0.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyarrow-hotfix            0.6                      pypi_0    pypi
pycparser                 2.21                     pypi_0    pypi
pydantic                  2.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pydantic-core             2.18.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyerfa                    2.0.1.1                  pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.17.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyjwt                     2.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pynndescent               0.5.11                   pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyro-api                  0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pyro-ppl                  1.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyrovelocity              0.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pyscenic                  0.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.10.13         h2469fbe_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-circos             0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dateutil           2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dotenv             1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python-igraph             0.10.8                   pypi_0    pypi
python-json-logger        2.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
pytorch-lightning         1.9.5                    pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2022.7.1                 pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyzmq                     25.1.2                   pypi_0    pypi
qtconsole                 5.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
qtpy                      2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
querystring-parser        1.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h92ec313_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.33.0                   pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2024.4.16                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.31.0                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-cache            1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      12.6.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rpds-py                   0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
rpy2                      3.5.15                   pypi_0    pypi
safetensors               0.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
scanpy                    1.9.6                    pypi_0    pypi
scikit-image              0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.4.1.post1              pypi_0    pypi
scikit-misc               0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
scpy4reactome             0.1.2                     dev_0    <develop>
scrublet                  0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
scvelo                    0.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
scvi-tools                0.20.3                   pypi_0    pypi
seaborn                   0.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
send2trash                1.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sentence-transformers     3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
session-info              1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                69.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
shap                      0.44.1                   pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
slicer                    0.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
smmap                     5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sniffio                   1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sortedcontainers          2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.5                      pypi_0    pypi
sqlalchemy                2.0.27                   pypi_0    pypi
sqlparse                  0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
stack-data                0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
statsmodels               0.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
stdlib-list               0.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
suds-community            1.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.12                     pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tblib                     3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tenacity                  8.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorstore               0.1.53                   pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
texttable                 1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tifffile                  2024.2.12                pypi_0    pypi
tiktoken                  0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tinycss2                  1.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
tokenizers                0.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tomli                     2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
toolz                     0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
torch                     2.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
torchmetrics              1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.4                      pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.66.2                   pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.41.2                   pypi_0    pypi
types-python-dateutil     2.8.19.20240106          pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-inspect            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2024.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tzlocal                   5.2                      pypi_0    pypi
umap-learn                0.5.5                    pypi_0    pypi
uri-template              1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
url-normalize             1.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.13                   pypi_0    pypi
webcolors                 1.13                     pypi_0    pypi
webencodings              0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.10                   pypi_0    pypi
wrapt                     1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
xmltodict                 0.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
xyzservices               2024.4.0                 pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.2.6                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4                    pypi_0    pypi
zict                      3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.17.0                   pypi_0    pypi
zope-event                5.0                      pypi_0    pypi
zope-interface            6.2                      pypi_0    pypi
zstandard                 0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
